Jane Doe
125 S Bill Ave
Los Angeles CA 94252
janedoe@netscape.com

Objective: To work as a Resident Registered Nurse (Job Number: 135879); To be part of a team that consistently delivers the highest quality, most comprehensive care to patients. 

Education 
Bachelor of Science in Nursing | Anticipated Start date September, 2017 | University of Washington- Bothell, WA
Associate Degree of Applied Science in Nursing- Transfer | Graduated December, 2016 | Shoreline Community College- Shoreline, WA
Pre-nursing prerequisites | 2012-2014 | Renton Technical College – Renton, WA

Healthcare Experience & Skills
NURSING SCHOOL CLINICAL PRACTICUM EXPERIENCE
Two years’ clinical practicum in a variety of settings including Long-term care, Orthopedics, Telemetry, Surgical, Mental Health, Burns, Neurology, Labor and Delivery, and Oncology. 
Built a solid foundation in critical thinking in planning and prioritizing care for 2-3 patients using evidence-based practice. 
Applied the nursing process in planning for the care of patients and gained skills in multidisciplinary team collaboration.
Evaluated and documented patient progress towards expected outcomes and offered suggestions for revisions.
Implemented the Team STEPPS strategies and developed strong interpersonal communication skills.
Gained experience in electronic charting in Epic, Sorian, Orca, and CIS.

PATIENT CARE TECHNICIAN | VIRGINIA MASON MEDICAL CENTER-SEATTLE WA |  2012- 09/2015
In charge of obtaining patients’ vital signs and EKGs, assisting patients with ambulation, feeding, glucose monitoring, bladder scanning, emptying patients’ urinary catheters, helping patients take a shower, documenting care provided and reporting patients’ change in condition to the assigned RN.


VOLUNTEER EXPERIENCE |MERRILL GARDENS-SEATTLE WA | JULY-AUGUST 2011 
Helped Certified Nursing Assistants (CNAs) in providing basic care for the residents. 
Learned key communication strategies in caring for patients with sensory deficits and those with dementia.
Performed delegated tasks from the nurse and gained skills in giving appropriate feedback on delegated tasks.
